>> Brian Holt: One thing
to keep in mind here,
see that it has some of
these labeled browser,
these ones are ones that actually occur
in the browser and the happy DOM ones.
You can run those, but it's actually
not occurring in the browser.
It's still occurring in node, and
it's just reporting on stuff
that's coming out of it.
Someone asked earlier about coverage,
which is a good point.
I don't have those in my notes,
but I'm like, Yolo let's check.
I think this should work.
We can just say in here as well
the same coverage stuff we said.
So coverage, text, json, and html,
I think, are the three, right?
I'm gonna put those in both.
>> Brian Holt: And we should get the test
coverage information out of this as well.
>> Brian Holt: Just run rerun all.
>> Brian Holt: So I don't think the test
coverage stuff necessarily shows up in here.
Yeah, look,
we have our checkout here as well.
It's kind of cool,
>> Brian Holt: But in our browser as well,
we can still run our npm run coverage,
and it should still work.
That was my API.
Npm run start there we go, and here,
npm run coverage should still work.
>> Brian Holt: It might not work
with the browser stuff still yeah so
this is kind of the vitest coverage
does not work with Playwright.
So you have to use Istanbul for this one
or just ignore it on your browser tests.
>> Brian Holt: It's just gonna be
mad at me all the time for it.
That's annoying.
Okay, so it looks like if we wanted to,
we would have to switch to Istanbul
totally to keep our
coverage stuff up as well.
So not that that's very hard to,
>> Brian Holt: I mean,
in for a penny, in for a pound, right?
>> Brian Holt: vitest coverage,
>> Brian Holt: v8,
so we'll uninstall that one,
>> Brian Holt: And istanbul.
>> Brian Holt: All right,
now Yolo, see what happens.
>> Brian Holt: And
you have to switch to coverage, or
this sub requires chromium as well,
which is kind of fun.
We'll set this to chromium anyway cuz
it'll start up chromium instead of
Firefox.
And then coverage provider,
this has to be,
yeah, that's right, coverage provider,
>> Brian Holt: Istanbul.
>> Brian Holt: And, reporter,
is that what it is?
And this has to be text json html.
And we'll do the exact
same thing over here.
>> Brian Holt: And try one more time.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Brian Holt: So
I guess you need both of them to do.
So run it again.
>> Brian Holt: There we go.
Now we're getting full coverage and
all of our tests are working.
And it just required like nine
dependencies, God bless node.
But one cool thing, notice that this is
no longer a nightly, this is on Chromium,
which is pretty cool, right?
And same thing, I think it's pretty
easy for us to just go ahead and
throw, so you can see all my cover
stuff is coming out okay as well..
So I think this does limit us
now to be in Chromium world,
but I think if you wanted to,
you can say webkid, and this will pop up.
It should pop up.
Yeah, it's gonna complain
about coverage now, but
if we didn't have all the coverage stuff
in here, it would pop up Safari, right?
You could run all of your tests
in Safari as well, right?
>> Brian Holt: Right, so
we'll leave it on Chromium and Istanbul,
since we want everything to work together.
So I wanted to say one more thing here.
There's a bit more complicated
browser test case.
If you want to go check it out here,
it goes over things like test ID and
stuff like that.
We're gonna go ahead and
just keep going here.
But if you want to play around
with another test example,
this is what you would look at.
It tests the header in the browser,
which is kind of cool.
So feel free to have a look
at that if you're interested.
And you can also just go ahead and
download 14-testing because that is all
the testing that we're gonna talk about.